i remove all to prevent cheating
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Ran 1 test in 0.000s

OK
Complete the following:

Add at least 2 more test methods to AcmeProductTests for the base Product class: at least 1 that tests default values (as shown), and one that builds an object with different values and ensures their stealability() and explode() methods function as they should
Write a new test class AcmeReportTests with at least 2 test methods: test_default_num_products which checks that it really does receive a list of length 30, and test_legal_names which checks that the generated names for a default batch of products are all valid possible names to generate (adjective, space, noun, from the lists of possible words)
Hint - test_legal_names is the trickiest of these, but may not be as bad as you think. Check out assertIn from unittest, and remember that Python is pretty handy at string processing. But if you get stuck, move on and revisit.

Note that inventory_report() is pretty tricky to test, because it doesn't return anything - it just prints (a "side-effect"). For the purposes of this challenge, don't worry about testing it - but as a stretch goal/something to think about, it's a good ponderer.

Part 6 - Style it Up
If you did the earlier parts in an editor that was linting your code (warning you about violations of PEP8 style) and you listened to it, you're already done!

If not, go back and fix things! If you don't have a built-in tool for checking, you can use PEP8 online.

Go for lint-free! If there's a stubborn warning or two you can't fix though, it's okay to leave a comment explaining it and move on.

Part 7 - Questions (and your Answers)
Acme Corporation isn't just a few .py files. If you want to grow in your career here, you'll have to answer the following:

What, in your opinion, is an important part of code reviews? That is, what is something you pay attention to when you review code, and that you appreciate when others do the same for your code?
       Code
Answer: Code readability is the most useful things when writing code. Any one can write code, but if somebody write code that unreadability then it is useless/

Part 8 - Turn it in!
Add all the files you wrote (acme.py, acme_report.py, and acme_test.py), as well as this file with your answers to part 7, to your weekly repo (DS-Unit-3-Sprint-1-Software-Engineering). Commit, push, and await feedback from Acme Corporation management. Thanks for your hard work!

Bonus! Got this far? Read up on the history of the fine Acme Corporation, with decades of quality products and many satisfied customers (mostly coyotes).
```
